Updating the Changelog.md and readme.txt for 13.3-a.7. (#36567)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/plugins/jetpack/readme.txt

== Changelog ==
### 13.3-a.7 - 2024-03-25
#### Enhancements

> - Blocks: "Earn" category renamed to "Monetize".
> - Jetpack AI: When the response includes a title and post title is empty, use provided title as post title.
> - My Jetpack: Trigger red bubble notifiction when a broken installation is detected.
> - Newsletters: Reorder settings cards to improve hierarchy.
> - Newsletters: Use radio controls instead of toggles on Email Settings.
> - Sharing: Removed Like button from master bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Blocks: "Earn" category renamed to "Monetize".
- Jetpack AI: When the response includes a title and post title is empty, use provided title as post title.
- My Jetpack: Trigger red bubble notification when a broken installation is detected.
- Newsletters: Reorder settings cards to improve hierarchy.
- Newsletters: Use radio buttons instead of toggles on Email Settings.
- Sharing: Remove Like button from master bar.
```
